Concept:
An asset tracking app where one can mark assets of interests and get price previews

Tech stack:
React framework, Tailwind CSS, Typescript
Recharts, Tanstack Query, ElysiaJS
Storage: SQLite (as cache, store bulk from API requests)
APIs:
1. Asset APIs
- Financial Modeling Prep (FMP): limited to fetching for lists of all feasible assets (stock, crypto, commodity, forex, indices)
- Yahoo Finance: for market price history and cap
2. News APIs
- Finnhub (only for now)


save asset interests on localStorage for the meantime

in the reference dir, included are interface drafts
1.png - home
- collapsible side menu (no contents yet, for future purposes)

Header space will include the brand logo and a search bar atop

for every asset saved in interests..
asset name, chart preview range 1d 1hr interval, latest available articles (cover, article title, date and time shown) max 4 visible in screen

2.png - asset view

Asset chart (fixed size 150 candles, interval is computed/derived)
- ranges: 1d, 1w, 1Mo, 3Mo, 1Y, 5y

Below is a feed of news articles (sorted by recency), shown is the cover, title, and summary
Clicking on the article row, opens new tab of the actual article

improve design to be more sleek and look professional
color scheme: black, white, coffee (#deccaf), and further beiges and light browns



DATA FLOW LOGIC:
1. FMP query on list of assets, to store on local SQLite, ensure categorized(stock / index / commodity / forex / crypto) - save timestamped, udpated after 30 days

User using search bar to find asset (searches on local list)
If user adds asset to interests, request made to Yahoo checking if asset available. If not, an information modal pops.

2. Request to Yahoo

Ready-made queries are called
a. on time asset added to interests and
b. asset interface viewed
provided that the specific query has no saved response or existing is older than 1hr30min
Responses are cached locally (sqlite) together with the request.
For successful updates, old saves are removed.

3. News APIs

Similarly, fetches to news apis (eg. Finnhub) is cached locally, dates are critical as those articles older than 30 days are not saved or removed.

Saved responses are updated if latest is older than 1hr30min


SQLite draft:

requests (table)
- request_id
- request (the query/request done to the API)

responses
- request_id
- timestamp
- response (the actual response obtained from the API using the request)


I have saved my API keys, an env file will be used for that.
